quick-hacks/lightning-testnet-in-60-seconds.md, before:

# Lightning Testnet in 60 seconds

### Quick Hack

1. Get a testnet wallet at [htlc.me](https://htlc.me/)
2. Open [satoshis place testnet](https://testnet.satoshis.place) in a new tab
3. Paint a pixel to get an invoice
4. Pay the invoice

### Detailed Explanation

The instructions above should let you get started with a testnet wallet on the lightning network.  It will give you some free satoshis to get started and you can try spending them using the satoshis place lightning app.

#### 1. Get a testnet wallet at [htlc.me](https://htlc.me/)

![Example HTLC wallet](../.gitbook/assets/htlc%20%281%29.png)

[htlc.me](https://htlc.me) is a wonderful service that lets you get started on the lightning network testnet.  It is what is known as a "custodail" wallet.  What that means is that htlc controls the funds, much like an email server, or even a bank, and you get to spend them.  Custodial wallets are the most user friendly way to get started with lightning network.  As technical knowledge grows you will learn how to create more secure solutions that allow you more control over the lightning network.

When signing up to htlc it will offer you a recovery secret.  This will enable you to recover your wallet on another device or browser.  Htlc \(which stands for hash time locked contracts\) **generously seeds news accounts with some free satoshis**.

Commit message:

GitBook: [master] one page and 5 assets modified

quick-hacks/lightning-testnet-in-60-seconds.md, after:

# Lightning Testnet in 60 seconds

### Quick Hack

1. Get a testnet wallet at [htlc.me](https://htlc.me/)
2. Open [satoshis place testnet](https://testnet.satoshis.place) in a new tab and paint a pixel
3. Pay the invoice

### Detailed Explanation

The instructions above should let you get started with a testnet wallet on the lightning network.  It will give you some free satoshis to get started and you can try spending them using the satoshis place lightning app.

#### 1. Get a testnet wallet at [htlc.me](https://htlc.me/)

1. Get a testnet wallet at htlc.me

![Example HTLC wallet](../.gitbook/assets/htlc%20%281%29.png)

[htlc.me](https://htlc.me) is a wonderful service that lets you get started on the lightning network testnet.  It is what is known as a "custodail" wallet.  What that means is that htlc controls the funds, much like an email server, or even a bank, and you get to spend them.  Custodial wallets are the most user friendly way to get started with lightning network.  As technical knowledge grows you will learn how to create more secure solutions that allow you more control over the lightning network.

When signing up to htlc it will offer you a recovery secret.  This will enable you to recover your wallet on another device or browser.  Htlc \(which stands for hash time locked contracts\) **generously seeds new accounts with some free satoshis**.  

#### 2. Open [satoshis place testnet](https://testnet.satoshis.place) in a new tab and paint a pixel

![Invoice for satoshi&apos;s place](../.gitbook/assets/satoshisplace%20%281%29.png)

[Satoshi's place testnet](https://testnet.satoshis.place/) is a lightning application \(Lapp\) which allows you to paint one or more pixels onto a canvas.  It is simply for fun to show people how to use lightning and maybe exercise their creativity.

After painting a pixel or two hit the "submit" button and a page like the above will open.  What is needed is the payment request.  This is also known as an invoice.  By copying and pasting this invoice we will be able to use the lightning network.  So go ahead and click the "Copy Payment Request" button.

#### 3. Pay the invoice

![](../.gitbook/assets/htlc2%20%282%29.png)

Once you have copied the invoice, go back to htlc as described in part \(1\).  Paste the invoice into the text box and press "Send Payment".

_And we are done!_

This will route funds through the lightning network and finally reach its destination at satoshi's place.  You can now switch tabs back to satoshi's place and see your pixels be created in realtime.

Congratulations, you have now made your first wallet and purchase on the \(testnet\) lightning network!
